This analysis aims to test the hypothesis that species composition and lengths from nighttime catches are representative of the CPS backscatter observed earlier the same day, we compare catches from nighttime trawls and daytime purse-seines sets on CPS schools in approximately the same place and time. We examine the effects of differences in catch information on the CPS biomass estimates; and perform a sensitivity analysis on the catch effort needed to obtain precise biomass estimates. We discuss the inter-annual consistency in regional catch compositions, and the coherence in biomass-at-length time-series resulting from the present approach. 

This repository is a scientific product and is not official communication of the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration, or the United States Department of Commerce. All NOAA GitHub project code is provided on an ‘as is’ basis and the user assumes responsibility for its use. Any claims against the Department of Commerce or Department of Commerce bureaus stemming from the use of this GitHub project will be governed by all applicable Federal law. Any reference to specific commercial products, processes, or services by service mark, trademark, manufacturer, or otherwise, does not constitute or imply their endorsement, recommendation or favoring by the Department of Commerce. The Department of Commerce seal and logo, or the seal and logo of a DOC bureau, shall not be used in any manner to imply endorsement of any commercial product or activity by DOC or the United States Government.
